com/epam/esm/service/entity/TagDto.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.TagDto
com/epam/esm/controller/controllers/OrderController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.controllers.OrderController
com/epam/esm/service/service/security/JwtTokenFilter.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.security.JwtTokenFilter
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/CustomErrorExeption.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.CustomErrorExeption
com/epam/esm/service/service/validation/GiftCertificateDtoValidation.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.validation.GiftCertificateDtoValidation
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/LocalizationExceptionMessageValues.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.LocalizationExceptionMessageValues
com/epam/esm/controller/util/HateoasBuilder.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.util.HateoasBuilder
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/OrderRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.OrderRepository
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/GiftCertificateDtoValidationException.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.GiftCertificateDtoValidationException
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/OrderDtoMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.OrderDtoMapper
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/UserValidationException.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.UserValidationException
com/epam/esm/repository/entity/GiftCertificate.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.entity.GiftCertificate
com/epam/esm/service/service/validation/SecurityValidator.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.validation.SecurityValidator
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/AccessException.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.AccessException
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/PageException.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.PageException
com/epam/esm/service/entity/SearchGiftCertificateParameterDto.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.SearchGiftCertificateParameterDto
com/epam/esm/repository/configuration/RepositoryConfiguration.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.configuration.RepositoryConfiguration
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/GiftCertificateRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.GiftCertificateRepository
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/impl/GiftCertificateRepositoryImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.impl.GiftCertificateRepositoryImpl
com/epam/esm/repository/entity/User.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.entity.User
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/CustomErrorCode.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.CustomErrorCode
com/epam/esm/service/service/UserService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.UserService
com/epam/esm/repository/utils/SortParameter.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.utils.SortParameter
com/epam/esm/service/service/TagService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.TagService
com/epam/esm/repository/entity/Tag.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.entity.Tag
com/epam/esm/service/entity/UserDto.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.UserDto
com/epam/esm/controller/config/MySpringBootApplication.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.config.MySpringBootApplication
com/epam/esm/service/service/security/SecurityUser.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.security.SecurityUser
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/impl/OrderDtoMapperImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.impl.OrderDtoMapperImpl
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/impl/TagRepositoryImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.impl.TagRepositoryImpl
com/epam/esm/service/service/validation/UserDtoValidation.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.validation.UserDtoValidation
com/epam/esm/service/entity/OrderCreationParameter.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.OrderCreationParameter
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.OrderCreationParameter$OrderCreationParameterBuilder
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/TagValidationException.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.TagValidationException
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/SearchParamterDtoMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.SearchParamterDtoMapper
com/epam/esm/service/service/security/JwtConfiguration.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.security.JwtConfiguration
com/epam/esm/controller/controllers/GiftCertificateController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.controllers.GiftCertificateController
com/epam/esm/repository/entity/Role.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.entity.Role
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/impl/OrderRepositoryImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.impl.OrderRepositoryImpl
com/epam/esm/service/service/validation/PageInfoValidation.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.validation.PageInfoValidation
com/epam/esm/repository/entity/SearchGiftCertificateParameter.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.entity.SearchGiftCertificateParameter
com/epam/esm/service/service/CrdService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.CrdService
com/epam/esm/controller/config/ControllerConfig.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.config.ControllerConfig
com/epam/esm/service/service/OrderService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.OrderService
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/NoSuchResourceException.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.NoSuchResourceException
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/impl/TagDtoMapperImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.impl.TagDtoMapperImpl
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/TagRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.TagRepository
com/epam/esm/repository/utils/GiftCertificateCriteriaBuilder.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.utils.GiftCertificateCriteriaBuilder
 com.epam.esm.repository.utils.GiftCertificateCriteriaBuilder$1
com/epam/esm/controller/controllers/AuthentificationController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.controllers.AuthentificationController
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/CertificateDtoMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.CertificateDtoMapper
com/epam/esm/repository/utils/OrderType.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.utils.OrderType
com/epam/esm/repository/entity/Permission.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.entity.Permission
com/epam/esm/service/service/security/JwtTokenProvider.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.security.JwtTokenProvider
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/UserDtoMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.UserDtoMapper
com/epam/esm/controller/controllers/UserController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.controllers.UserController
com/epam/esm/controller/controllers/TagController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.controllers.TagController
com/epam/esm/controller/exception/ApplicationExceptionHandler.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.exception.ApplicationExceptionHandler
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/ExceptionDetails.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.ExceptionDetails
com/epam/esm/service/service/validation/TagValidation.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.validation.TagValidation
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/CrdOperations.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.CrdOperations
com/epam/esm/controller/util/PaginationBuilder.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.util.PaginationBuilder
com/epam/esm/controller/config/SecurityConfiguration.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.config.SecurityConfiguration
com/epam/esm/service/entity/AuthentificationRequestDto.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.AuthentificationRequestDto
com/epam/esm/service/service/security/SpringSecurityExceptionHandler.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.security.SpringSecurityExceptionHandler
com/epam/esm/repository/configuration/IntParameterValues.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.configuration.IntParameterValues
com/epam/esm/service/service/exception/JwtAuthenticationException.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.exception.JwtAuthenticationException
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/impl/UserDtoMapperImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.impl.UserDtoMapperImpl
com/epam/esm/service/entity/GiftCertificateDto.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.GiftCertificateDto
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/impl/CertificateDtoMapperImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.impl.CertificateDtoMapperImpl
com/epam/esm/service/service/security/UserDetailServiceImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.security.UserDetailServiceImpl
com/epam/esm/repository/entity/Order.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.entity.Order
com/epam/esm/service/service/GiftCertificateService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.GiftCertificateService
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/TagDtoMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.TagDtoMapper
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/impl/UserRepositoryImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.impl.UserRepositoryImpl
com/epam/esm/repository/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.repository.UserRepository
com/epam/esm/service/entity/OrderDto.java
 com.epam.esm.service.entity.OrderDto
com/epam/esm/service/service/mapper/impl/SearchParamterDtoMapperImpl.java
 com.epam.esm.service.service.mapper.impl.SearchParamterDtoMapperImpl
